Los Altos High School - New Student Registration
skip to main content
About Us
Our School
School Profile
Administration Team
Accreditation
Resources
Bell Schedule
Staff Directory
Campus Map
LAHS Alumni Group
Who To Contact
Registrar
Follow Us on Social Media
Site Plans & Reports
Annual Review
California Healthy Kids Survey
College Attendance Data
School Accountability Report Card
School Safety Plan
Single Plan for Student Achievement
WASC Accreditation
New Student Registration
Home
About Us
New Student Registration
New Student Registration
Class of 2029 Welcome Night (previously known as "8th Grade Parent Information Night")
will be held in person on Thursday, January 23rd, 6:00 to 8:00pm.
INCOMING FRESHMEN FROM BLACH, EGAN, CRITTENDEN, AND GRAHAM
Incoming Class of 2029
Current 8th-grade students attending our feeder schools (Blach, Egan, Crittenden, and Graham) are pre-enrolled in the Mountain View Los Altos High School District. High school assignment letters will be mailed before the end of November 2024, to all pre-enrolled families with addresses that belong in the MVLA district boundaries.
If you have enrolled in middle school after October 2024, you must register through our
Online Registration System
. Registration for the 2025-26 school year will open January 2025.
OPEN ENROLLMENT:
Students who seek an intra-district transfer to the school other than their neighborhood school must do so by submitting the
Open Enrollment Transfer form
. Transfer requests are reviewed on a case by case basis and very few slots are available as both schools are close to capacity. Applications will be accepted Dec 1-21, 2024. Please note that your student remains enrolled in the high school to which he/she has been assigned UNTIL you receive confirmation that your transfer request has been granted.
Mid-January, a letter regarding setting up a student and parent 'Student Information System' (SIS) account, a student MVLA Google email account and online course selections will be sent to all feeder school parents.
ALL OTHER INCOMING STUDENTS (INCLUDING STUDENTS COMING FROM PRIVATE OR CHARTER SCHOOLS)
Registration for 2025-2026 School Year is now OPEN
Complete
Online Registration
.  Your school assignment will be generated. You can also find out your school assignment by using our
Address Street Search
.
Once we have received your online enrollment form, the Registrar at your assigned school will contact you to schedule an intake meeting. Please allow 1-2 days to be contacted.
Open Enrollment Transfer
requests will be accepted Dec 1-21, 2024. Registration prior to requesting a transfer is not required.
Below is a list of documents you'll need to present to the registrar at your meeting:
BIRTH DOCUMENT
- one ORIGINAL from the following list:
Birth Certificate
Passport
Baptismal certificate
IMMUNIZATION RECORD
showing that all immunizations required by the State of California are current. These are:
4 doses of Polio
5 doses of DTaP
3 doses of Hep B
2 doses of MMR
2 doses of Varicella
Tdap booster shot after 7th birthday
TUBERCULOSIS
Students coming from schools within Santa Clara County must show proof of TB test. (If your child has lived and attended school in Santa Clara County since their last TB test, you may provide that one, they do not need a new one.)
Students coming from schools outside Santa Clara County must provide a current TB Test or TB Risk Assessment for School Entry Form completed and signed by a US-licensed health professional.
PROOF OF RESIDENCE
in the Los Altos High School attendance area. Three documents (one from each section) are REQUIRED to establish residency.
Parent/Legal Guardian’s picture ID from the following list (ID does NOT need to have the current address.):
Current Driver’s License
Current ID Card
Valid Passport or Consulate issued picture ID
Voter Registration Card
One of the following ORIGINAL documents with parent/guardian’s name and current address:
Current valid Vehicle Registration
State or Federal Tax Return filed within the past 12 months with W-2 form attached
Current bank statement issued within 35 days from the date of registration
Current utility bill issued within 35 days from the date of registration
One of the following ORIGINAL documents with parent/guardian’s name and current address:
Current Property Tax bill with parent/guardian’s name, and property address, indicating homeowner’s exemption. Please note, a printout from the County website is not acceptable, as it does not show the owner’s name.
Current Lease-Rental agreement on company printed forms which include parent/guardian’s name; student’s name; manager or owner’s name and phone number (Military housing residents need to provide “Assignment to Quarters” form from the Base Housing Department.)
SPECIAL SERVICES
I.E.P or 504 Plan documents (if applicable).
TRANSCRIPT
from the previous school is highly recommended for proper placement in classes needed to fulfill graduation requirements.
WITHDRAWAL FORM
from the previous school (if student is transferring in after the school year has begun).
GUARDIANSHIP PAPERS
If the student does not live with parent(s), we must see documents providing legal guardianship or we can provide you with an AFFIDAVIT OF RESIDENCE AND RESPONSIBILITY/CAREGIVER’S AFFIDAVIT, which must be signed by the guardian and legal parent. Please contact Grace Icasiano @ 650-940-4650 x0031 to make an appointment.
LANGUAGE FLUENCY
students whose home language is not English are required to be tested for placement.
Placement Testing Information
Placement Testing Information
Placement Testing:
The only placement testing that is held for Los Altos HS is for Mandarin Chinese
.
For all other subjects, including math, students self-select their course/level.
Mandarin Placement Test / Evaluation:
The test is for interested incoming students who have prior experience of learning Mandarin (weekend Chinese school, private tutoring, after school programs, etc) and would like to get their proficiency level tested so they can sign up for the right Mandarin class.
8th graders who are currently enrolled in Egan or Bullis Charter School's Mandarin program should sign up for Mandarin 2.
These students should not take the test unless recommended by their Mandarin teacher.
The test is mainly for students who have prior learning experience through weekend Chinese school, after school programs, and private tutoring.
The Mandarin placement test will be given in person this year.
We will give an in-person Mandarin placement test on Monday February 3rd and Wednesday February 5th (4:00-5:15 p.m.) Students will sign up for the test using the Google Form
here
.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Course Information:
For information about specific classes, subjects, and graduation requirements, please refer to the
Course Information page
in the Academics section.
View/Download the Registration Checklist
Additional Registration Information
Additional Registration Information
Affidavit of Residence
Students who live with a parent, but reside at a residence that does not belong to the parent, must complete the
Affidavit of Residence form
(
Declaracion de Residencia
). These forms are also available in the Registrar's office at each school site. Completed forms should be returned to the school's registrar office.
Caregiver Affidavit
Students who live with a caregiver within district boundaries must reside full-time, 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, including periods of school recess and vacation in the home of a care-giving adult.
Caregivers must complete the
Caregiver Affidavit form
(
Declaración Jurada del Guardián
) and the parent must complete the
Authorization of Loco Parentis form
(
Autorización para actuar en lugar del Padre/Madre
).
Applications for caregiver affidavits must be presented to and approved by the Educational Services department at the District Office.
If you have any questions or need assistance
with registration for Los Altos High School,
please contact the Registrar, Elena Baquero
at (650) 960-8811 x2020
elena.baquero@mvla.net
View Registration Information from the MVLA District
.
Calendar
Student Frequently Used Links
Parent/Student Portal
ClassLink
Parent/Student Square
New Student Registration
Los Altos High School
(650) 960-8811
(650) 960-8462(Fax)
201 Almond Avenue
Los Altos,
                            CA
                            94022
Google Map/Directions
Stay
Connected
Arrow Right Icon
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Youtube
Compliance
Resources
school icon
HELP - Crisis Resources
Nondiscrimination Harassment
Title IX Discrimination Form
Uniform Complaint Procedures
Uniform Complaint Form
District
Resources
school icon
ClassLink
School Calendar (2024-2025)
Staff Frequently Used Links
Staff ClassLink
Facilities Rentals
Get Directions
Call Us
Contact Information
201 Almond Avenue
Los Altos,
                                    CA
                                    94022
Los Altos High School
(650) 960-8811
(650) 960-8462
Compliance
Resources
school icon
HELP - Crisis Resources
Nondiscrimination Harassment
Title IX Discrimination Form
Uniform Complaint Procedures
Uniform Complaint Form
District
Resources
school icon
ClassLink
School Calendar (2024-2025)
Staff Frequently Used Links
Staff ClassLink
Facilities Rentals
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Youtube
Non-Discrimination Policy
Reset Contrast
High Contrast
A-Z Site Map
Copyright ©
                    2018
                    
                        Mountain View Los Altos
                    . All rights reserved.
Website developed by
CatapultCMSÂ®
&
EMSÂ®
|
Web Admin