Los Altos High School - Mental Health & Wellness
skip to main content
Student Services
Student Services
Academic Collaboration Time
Finance Office & Webstore
Library
Books and Audiobooks
Research
Services
Frequently Asked Questions
Mental Health & Wellness
Educational Info for Students
MTC Mentor Program
Transcripts
Tutorial Center
Counseling
About Us
Out-of-District Coursework
Helpful Resources
Course Selection
Course Comparison
Frequently Asked Questions
Presentations & Workshops
Letters of Recommendation
College & Career Center
Class of 2025: College Counseling
Events Calendar
Explore Pathways after High School
California State University (CSU)
Community College
International Universities Resources
University of California (UCs)
Gap Year
Helpful Resources
College Applications
Letters of Recommendation
Work, Volunteering & Internships
Low-Income, First-Gen, Underrepresented Opportunities
Paying for College
College Admissions Testing
NCAA Eligibility
LAHS Presentation SlideDecks
Naviance
Scholarships
Home
Student Services
Student Services
Mental Health & Wellness
Mental Health & Wellness
Overview
MVLA Wellness Vision Statement:
The MVLA community honors wellness as a process to support all students and staff in realizing their full potential. We value a learning environment and community that fosters opportunities to thrive academically, emotionally, socially, and physically.
MVLA Wellness Mission Statement:
Through academic support, health-based curricula, counseling and clinical staff teams, professional development, and partnerships with our community agencies and families, we are committed to the promotion of wellness strategies and the implementation of wellness services to empower all students and staff to achieve their individualized goals.
MVLA Wellness Services:
MVLA Wellness Services are programs and services that foster the physical, emotional, intellectual, and social well-being of students and staff.
MVLA School-Based Mental Health Services:
MVLA School-Based Mental Health Services are mental health and case management services for students who are experiencing behavioral, emotional, or social challenges that impede learning.
Wellness Center
The Eagle Escape (Wellness Center) is a place for students to take a wellness break, learn and practice self-regulation strategies, participate in workshops that promote well-being, and receive mental health resources. Once entering the space and signing in, students are encouraged to practice self-directed regulation through various methods and activities offered in the wellness center. The space emphasizes the importance of listening to one’s body and emotions, and fosters the exploration and implementation of coping skills to take care of oneself. Students are encouraged to participate in the weekly activities hosted by the Wellness Team as an opportunity to take a wellness break and engage in something fun or learn something new. Our workshops are designed to teach students about different aspects of wellness from sleep, to healthy relationships, to mental health, and more.
Location
The Wellness Center is located between the Tutorial Center and the Library.
How to access the Wellness Center
If students have a free period, students are welcome to drop by at any time without an Eagle Pass. If the student is in class, students have access to the Wellness Center by asking their teacher for an Eagle Pass. With that pass, students can visit the Eagle Escape for up to 15 minutes to engage in mindful activities, practice self-care strategies, or connect with us to get additional support.
Hours
We are open every day at 8:30 AM and we close at the end of the school day. The Wellness Center is only open during lunch and ACT for weekly events/activities. The Wellness Center is closed during brunch.
<iframe src="https://lahs.mvla.net//documents/Student-Services/Mental Health and Wellness/eagles_escape.pdf" height="600" width="800" title="Eagle Escape"></iframe>
Health Services
The
Stanford Children’s Health Teen Van
is a mobile clinic offering free health services to uninsured and underinsured youth, ages 12 to 25, in the San Francisco Bay Area. They visit high schools, community colleges, and nonprofit organizations from as far south as East San Jose and as far north as San Bruno. Staff includes a doctor specializing in adolescent medicine, a nurse practitioner, a social worker, a nutritionist, two medical assistants, and a registrar/driver.
Students and families will be able to connect directly with the Health Van to schedule an appointment.
Some services require parent consent and some do not require consent; please see the flyers below for more information.
These services “require parent consent” and must be “uninsured”:
Acute illness and injury care
Complete physical exams
Health education and anticipatory
guidance
Immunizations
Medications
Referrals to collaborating agencies
Covid Vaccines
Confidential Services “no parent consent” needed:
Family planning services
Pregnancy testing
and counseling
Advice and testing for HIV
Mental health counseling
and referrals
STD testing and treatment
Substance abuse counseling and
referrals
Health Van Dates:
10/31
11/21
12/12
1/30
2/27
3/27
4/24
5/29
Schedule an appointment
here
.
Food Resources
The
A La Carte Food Truck
provides free meals and food each week for students, families and community members.  No registration is required, and all of the food comes from corporate and university partners.
MVLA families can get food at either food truck OR at both (on both days).
The A La Carte Food Truck will be at the District Office (next to Mountain View HS parking lot) on Thursdays from 2:00 - 3:00pm.
The A La Carte Food Truck will be at LAHS on Thursdays from 3:30 - 4:30pm.
VIEW FLYER (English & Spanish)
School-Based Counseling
Click
here
to learn about school-based counseling services.
Crisis Services
If you (or someone you know) is in immediate need of support, please call
988
, or text RENEW to
741741
, or seek support through one of the resources below.
Crisis Support Resources
24-hour Suicide and Crisis Line (Santa Clara County):
988
or 855.278.4204
Crisis Text Line: Text RENEW to
741741
Bill Wilson Youth Safe Place / Crisis Hotline (24-hour): 408.850.6125
National Sexual Assault Hotline (24-hour): 800.656.HOPE (4673) /
online.rainn.org
YWCA Silicon Valley - Domestic Violence Hotline (24-hour): 800.572.2782
Trevor Lifeline / Textline LGBTQ+ Crisis Support: 866.488.7386 / Text START to 678678
Trans Lifeline: 877.565.8860
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline (24-hour): 800.273.TALK (8255)
Pacific Clinics (Uplift) Crisis Team (Santa Clara County) provides free in-home suicide assessment and safety planning: 408-379-9085 or 877-412-7474
Servicios de Crisis
Spanish Lifeline para crisis (24hs/7 días):
988
or 1.888.628.9454
Ayuda en linea en Español: Lifeline:
suicidepreventionlifeline.org
Línea de texto de crisis: Envíe COMUNIDAD de texto a
741741
YWCA Silicon Valley - Línea directa violencia doméstica (24hs): 800.572.2782
Línea directa nacional de agresión sexual (24hs): 800.656.HOPE (4673) /
rainn.org/es
Pacific Clinics (Uplift) Equipo móvil de crisis (condado de Santa Clara) ofrece servicios gratuitos en el hogar para personas que están pasando por una crisis ó que están contemplando el suicidio: 408-379-9085
For more information about community-based support for a variety of mental health services including grief support, substance use treatment, LGBTQIA+ services, domestic violence support, etc., please see the
Community-based Mental Health Resource List
.
Community-Based Resources
A list of community-based resources can be found on the district wellness page found
here
.
Other Resources for Students and Caregivers
Mental Health Education for Students
Additional student resources can be found
here
Mental Health Education for Caregivers
Additional caregiver resources can be found
here
Calendar
Student Frequently Used Links
Parent/Student Portal
ClassLink
Parent/Student Square
New Student Registration
Los Altos High School
(650) 960-8811
(650) 960-8462(Fax)
201 Almond Avenue
Los Altos,
                            CA
                            94022
Google Map/Directions
Stay
Connected
Arrow Right Icon
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Youtube
Compliance
Resources
school icon
HELP - Crisis Resources
Nondiscrimination Harassment
Title IX Discrimination Form
Uniform Complaint Procedures
Uniform Complaint Form
District
Resources
school icon
ClassLink
School Calendar (2024-2025)
Staff Frequently Used Links
Staff ClassLink
Facilities Rentals
Get Directions
Call Us
Contact Information
201 Almond Avenue
Los Altos,
                                    CA
                                    94022
Los Altos High School
(650) 960-8811
(650) 960-8462
Compliance
Resources
school icon
HELP - Crisis Resources
Nondiscrimination Harassment
Title IX Discrimination Form
Uniform Complaint Procedures
Uniform Complaint Form
District
Resources
school icon
ClassLink
School Calendar (2024-2025)
Staff Frequently Used Links
Staff ClassLink
Facilities Rentals
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Youtube
Non-Discrimination Policy
Reset Contrast
High Contrast
A-Z Site Map
Copyright ©
                    2018
                    
                        Mountain View Los Altos
                    . All rights reserved.
Website developed by
CatapultCMSÂ®
&
EMSÂ®
|
Web Admin